\---

layout: article

author: “Chuck Lethator"

title: "**The Chocolate Scam on Valentine’s Day**"

order: 

—-

**The Chocolate Scam on Valentine’s Day**

By: Chuck Lethator

On Valentine’s Day, love is in the air, but so are highly inflated prices. Walking in the store, thinking you’ll grab a scrumptious and cute box, perfect for your significant other, only to look at the price tags that will kill your wallets. If you don’t buy these overpriced chocolates, do you even love your partner? 

No one enjoys Valentine's Day more than chocolate corporations. They take full advantage of couples expressing their love with gestures (often very expensive), turning romance into huge profits. As couples try and find the perfect gift, these companies are right there, preying on your downfall. The corporations think they’ve truly found the secret to making basic chocolates worth even a small fortune by making the chocolates and box “special” because they’re shaped like roses or hearts.

No need to worry, the Red Roses Cheap Surprises (RRCS) have got your back! The RRCS is a company for lovers, reselling uneaten Halloween candy, which are basically fresh. Their goods are way cheaper than other corporations, plus it comes with a fun dose of nostalgia from last October. They’ve even got you covered with the presentation, with cute, upcycled, and painted boxes. It might be a little out of date, but hey, your partner will never notice the difference! Don’t wait too long because on February 15th, their prices will surge over 358%!

Let’s be honest—who’s really spending over $17 on chocolate? For such prices, you would think the chocolate was made magical by Willy Wonka. Nope, it’s just regular chocolate wrapped in pretty colors inside a heart box, when you can usually get it any other day for less than half the price. “When I saw the price tag on the boxes, I thought it was a typo,” says Cupa D, trying to buy something sweet for his partner, “there might as well be a love potion hiding in there.” 

 One can only wonder how high these prices will go. In 2010, a decent box of chocolates was $9 per box. Fast forward to 2020, that same box priced for $12-15. Just last year, the chocolates averaged around $20. At this rate, by 2030, we will be paying $40-50 per small box of chocolates! 

 The worst part? On February 15th, you will find out that the chocolates you paid an arm and a leg for yesterday are now on sale for more than half the original price. Honestly, you might as well be buying chocolates in actual gold, but in reality, that “gold” is just a thin sheet around a box colored in shiny yellow. The chocolate and the fancily wrapped box, winding up either eaten or in the trash.
