—-

layout: article

author: “Hom Lesman"

title: "Lockers renting for $1000 amid Toronto housing crisis"

order: 

—-

**Lockers renting for $1000 amid Toronto housing crisis**
---------------------------------------------------------

By: Hom Lesman

Toronto, Ontario marked 5th most at risk for housing crisis globally, a feat that citizens have tried so hard to achieve. TDSB students have used this to their advantage, opening a new real estate investment chain, called Realtors Rent Lockers. RRL first started out as a business class culminating idea, but with the help of investors has grown into what it is today, one of the TDSB’s highest grossing real estate companies. “I’m so proud of what my students have achieved. It’s so important to get into investing early, I have taught them well,” said a teacher anonymously at William Lyon Mackenzie, where the company was born. 

By renting out school lockers, the real estate market in Toronto has almost doubled in size. Each unit consists of a one bedroom studio apartment with a communal bathroom and amenities. They all boast a gym, conference rooms and a library, while the more expensive units have a swimming pool as well, to be shared by all tenants in the building. 

Landlords sell their unit to RRL, who rent them out through their database, prices varying on location and services in the building. So far, their database consists of 12,000 renters and 36,000 looking to rent. “This is a fairly untapped market,” says co-founder and CEO Adam, a grade 10 student, “Our goal for 2025 is to rent out every empty locker in the city.” With over 172,000 potential lockers to rent in High Schools across Toronto, profit is said to be in the millions for RRL, whose return is 99%. When asked what they wanted to do with the funds, President and co-founder Josh reported “probably a dirt bike and a gaming PC. Oh, and Hot Cheetos.” 

The founders and RRL have a bright future, with plans to expand to the York Region District School Board and Toronto Catholic District School Board in the next few years.