\---

layout: article

author: “Ur Local Lyon Conspiracy Theorist”

title: "TTC Exposed as Key Player in Scheme to Exploit WLMAC Students"

image: "/assets/img/2025-03-25.TTC-exposed.png"

order: 

\---

**TTC Exposed as Key Player in Scheme to Exploit WLMAC Students**
=================================================================

!\[TTC Exposed\](/assets/img/2025-03-25.TTC-exposed.png)

“If I had a dime for everytime I was stuck on the subway I would have enough money to cover my fare!”

By: Ur Local Lyon Conspiracy Theorist

“WHy aREN’t YOu uP YEt?!?!” It's only when Floundrina is greeted by the blinding blue light of her phone she realizes. It’s 8AM even though it is pitch black outside. Despite it being an hour before school starts, Floundrina is going to run from bus to train, stumbling in a haze of stress and exhaustion. Until she eventually walks into her first period to be greeted by a harsh  disapproving stare. "Late again?" Does this case sound familiar to you? Finding yourself rushing through your sacred morning routines? Kicking yourself for failing to achieve a perfect attendance record?  Put your self loathing aside for now, dear lion cub because according to the latest tip from the Flounder's most reputable sources, this vicious cycle comes down to a scheme much bigger than your horrific sleep schedule. A master plan to line the pockets of the rich, destroy students and threaten our very nation. This comes down to the Toronto Transit Commision. 

In Tor-on-o, to use public transportation you must grant the Gods of passage a sacrificial $2.25 as a student of WLMAC. At first glance, this may not seem like much, but have you ever considered how much $2.25 can do? $2.25 is a coffee donut combo, an essential redbull in late night study sessions, you could hit someone in the eye with a toonie and permanently blind them. Eyesight is worth a hell of a lot more than $2.25. With the inflation we are barrelling towards, giving the TTC enough to bludgeon someone to death, just for the privilege of entering their hallowed halls, is preposterous. I have a sneaking suspicion that the TTC is acutely aware of this fact. Keeping half of the fare to keep the TTC moving and the other half to pay for the endless cycle of construction projects that never seem to end... or perhaps to maintain the beautiful 'TTC Smell' that haunts every bus, train, and streetcar. Even more troubling, recent reports show that up to 372% of the fare price may be funneling into executive bonuses or maybe the money is towards the underground society currently inhabiting the remains of Line 3. Who knew fare could be so unfair? 

There is nothing more sensitive and fragile than the hormonal teenage mind. If the TTC are savants of anything, it isn’t getting people from place to place but rather the antithesis of the _Art of War_ - as Sun Tzu said, "If your opponent is of choleric temper, seek to irritate him.” Rather than take the simple approach—provocation and subtle sabotage - the TTC opts to charm, aid and gaslight student minds into submission. Like giving candy to a baby, the TTC shows its nonchalant aura through unexpected pauses and enticing shut downs. You never know what’s coming next on the TTC - it's bad boy playbook 101. Their method to aid young minds takes an elegance in its simplicity: they distribute fun puzzles of maps, announce the wrong stop and provide exciting distractions to ensure that students become addicted to their fun logic games, further pushing the TTC prolific psychological warfare. Their emotional manipulation is their most subtle weapon—guilt, confusion, and a sense of helplessness that erodes a sense of control. Students are employed into feelings of shame through constant blame for delays, being made to feel as if they are at fault for every setback. It’s as if they are both the puppet masters and the unwitting pawns, perpetuating a cycle is intended to keep students addicted to their “wonderful” public transit system? In light of the Valentine's season, I'd venture to say that the TTC is comparable to a toxic boyfriend - dishing out the perfect amount of hot and cold to keep you coming back for more. You can’t change him. You are just another one of his many commuters.

I am no superhero. Dear patriots of the prime minister as of 1874, I have no intention of taking over this infamous beast. What could a lowly writer do about such a huge and mega cooperation? If only to ease your guilt and maybe some of your wallets, for those in walking distance is enough of a good deed for me. As an active commuter I am going to have to learn to live with the TTC’s money laundering and mind games. Luckily, with my newfound knowledge I am able to find better ways of making the experience much more tolerable and worthwhile. Maybe some day some CEO of Subway (the sandwich not the vehicle) or some Raptors player will do the hard work of making this city walkable. I certainly wouldn’t benefit from the fame and prestige of achieving such a feat. Besides, someone has to keep my seat on Line 3 warm.